doc: update quick start (#287)
kubewharf/kubeadmiral: docs/quickstart.md

$ kubectl get deploy echo-server

NAME          READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
echo-server   6/6     6            6           26s
```

We can also view the status of the deployments in each member cluster by checking its `CollectedStatus` object.

```console

> # Usually the name consists of the resource name and its ResourcesGroup,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Usually the name consists of the resource name and its API group (e.g. echo-server-deployments.apps), 
```

Reviewer 2: This is a `console` block, where lines starting with `#` and `$` are treated as command lines (for root and non-root users respectively). `#` does not represent comments here.

> # but sometimes there may be a hash suffix to avoid duplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# but sometimes there may be a hash suffix to avoid duplication.
# We can use `get collectedstatus -l apps/v1=Deployment` to get all `CollectedStatus`es for `apps/v1.Deployment`s.
```
